task1 
We need to make it install from GitHub, and updates from git pull command from CMD
Please add info to the file  with steps how to use github command from CMD or other tool you use)

task2
mvn need to be used for build/clean from cmd
Same here, we have a doc, but need to add a few command  for example mvn clean, mvn build , mvn test  to make sure commnds works and where user 
should use those commands, from which location)

task3
structure of test need to be :
test_name_positive
test_name_negative
test_name_regression
test_name_bug#
No hard coded paths etc..
Dont see if its ready.. and need your input here...

Task # 4
Login with valid credentials
Make sure  text apperaed: Welcome to the Cloud User Portal ( need to make validation on text
Check validation 2 main options (icon apeared, Lanch a stock, manage stock view activities and view dashboard, validatre and print all oprion are available, 
When click on manage stock option
When its open validate 6 option menu apeared and available(print text)
Click on Catalog, 
Page open , validate page catalot is open.

Looks like its complete( but its not working anymore.. JAVA error)


---- Syagin Written-----
This task completed, to run the specific test, we need to give the test command as follows 

mvn test -Dtest=ValidLogin
*Here ValidLogin is the Test Name.

Not working  error in maven...!!

Task5  

When Task complete  close browser and print Test Clpmplete. - Task completed

Task 6 provide steps  how to remove / disable test what user whant to skip /or just not to run at this time
Show me steps:
 1. go to src.. select file... use // before the test etc..
 
 Did you work on this one?
 
 
 
 Task #1 still not clear:
 please provide a commands how to update from CMD  latest code from repository:
 for example:
 login to d:/cucumber/cucumbertest/
 run command : git pull  ( or git co?) and when its complte  run mvn test command:
 mvn clean, mvn build, mvn test(name test)
 
 This is a very critical!!!
 
 
 
  Task 7 New test run to validate menu icons on top
 
 All menu icons like : Overview, Catalog, Stack, Resources, Activities Dashboard  need to validate, click on it and validate if page open and correct page
 
 
 Task 8  not done
 
 Go to catalog page and evaluate all available catalog option/modules.
 Make sure all catalog modules there, and print all catalog list
 
 Task 9 ( probab;ly you will need to go on it with me..)  not done
 Go to catalog,  select Bucket module, and add bucket.
 ( just select one of the options from any available from the drop down list and create one, and verify in status page its created.
 Print status if complete.

Task - 9 is in progress, 

----- I have updated the project structure to Edit the URL and other settings, I have pushed that code and I am working on task 9, I am facing an issue to loacte an element. I will update the code once I finish  thanks....

------------------------
 

Task 10  not done

Please check recording from skype.
Need to go to catalog page and get validate all modules ib catalog exists, please print all catalog modules available
and make search on UMOS module, and print "UMOS" module is not present  if not present..

Task11!! Please update all test cases after complete test close browser!!! after few test runs i have 6 open browsers!

Task 11
All test environment links and credentials MUST be in separate file:
Config Test file or something like this
So every time run test it will take info from that file, and no need to change in every single test URL's and password etc..

